old man,
You are so big. You really got married at the same sight,
Go get out.
So what if I don’t agree?
Let us look at you with open eyes,
Let's compare yesterday.
Also called one, let’s see one,
Whoever he goes to, whoever he goes to,
As for the bright side. I will give him a good look,
But in person. Leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, leaf ginseng, and leaf ginseng. Ye Shen is not me
Xiaoyue and I will all take over the work
Do you still want to change store manager?
Don’t you hate hand knitting?
Didn't you want to do nothing with that?
I'm here to help you
Who said I can control my hands?
Any future intervention is irrelevant
Leave it to you
Tell Xiaojia
Who follows Huang Shenzi’s shop?
I'm alive, save me